Fix broken url of esp-hal example (#151)
esp-rs/book: src/writing-your-own-application/nostd.md

   * [A button example][button]
   * [A button with an interrupt example][button-interrupt]

> > ⚠️ **Note**: There are several examples covering the use of specific peripherals under the [`example`][esp-hal-examples] folder [`esp-hal`][esp-hal]. To check if a device is compatible with a given example, check the metadata comments above the imports, which will list all supported devices following the `//% CHIPS:` designator. If this metadata is not present, then the example will work on any device supported by esp-hal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **Note**: There are several examples covering the use of specific peripherals under the [`examples`][esp-hal-examples] folder [`esp-hal`][esp-hal]. For running instructions and device compatibility for a given example, refer to the [`examples` README][examples-readme].
```

[button]: https://github.com/esp-rs/no_std-training/tree/main/intro/button
[button-interrupt]: https://github.com/esp-rs/no_std-training/tree/main/intro/button-interrupt
[esp-hal]: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal

> [esp-hal-examples]: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/tree/main/examples

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[esp-hal-examples]: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/tree/main/examples
[examples-readme]: https://github.com/esp-rs/esp-hal/blob/main/examples/README.md
```
